docs(material/theming): Add docs for the new base theming dimension (#27992)
angular/components: guides/theming.md

The `core-theme` Sass mixin emits prerequisite styles for common features used by multiple
components, such as ripples. This mixin must be included once per theme.

Each Angular Material component has a mixin for each [theming dimension](#theming-dimensions): base,
color, typography, and density. For example, `MatButton` declares `button-base`, `button-color`,
`button-typography`, and `button-density`. Each mixin emits only the styles corresponding to that
dimension of customization.

Additionally, each component has a "theme" mixin that emits all styles that depend on the theme
config. This theme mixin only emits color, typography, or density styles if you provided a

> corresponding configuration to `define-light-theme` or `define-dark-theme`.

Reviewer: Mention that it always emits the base styles?

[adding-styles]: https://angular.io/guide/workspace-config#styles-and-scripts-configuration

#### Theming dimensions

> Angular Material themes are divided along several dimensions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Angular Material themes are organized into four categories:
```

Base
: Common base styles for the design system. These styles don't change based on your configured
colors, typography, or density, so they only need to be included once per application. These

> styles may include things such as border-radius, border-width, etc. All components have a base

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mixins include structural styles such as border-radius, border-width, etc. All components have a base
```

> mixin that can be used to include its base styles. (For example,

Reviewer 2: Should we say something about only most apps needing to import them once, but that you can still include it multiple times if you want to change the base styles for different parts of your app?

Author: Well the thing is right now you can't really change it. The base styles are basically values for all of the tokens that don't depend on color, typography, or density, but may vary between M2, M3, or some future Material Design version. Since currently M2 is the only one available, the mixin always emits the same values.

In the future there could maybe be a use case for it, if some app wanted to display M2 vs M3 conditionally

Author: Another future use case is maybe once we have a Sass API to allow per-token customizations, but again thats not something we have now, so for now it just feels simplest to say "include it once"

font.) All components  have a typography mixin that can be used to include its typography
styles. (For example, `@include mat.checkbox-typography($theme)`)

Density
: Styles related to the size and spacing of elements in your application. These style should be
included at least once in your application. Depending on your needs, you may need to include these
styles multiple times with different configurations. (For example, if your app supports both a
normal and compact mode). All components have a density mixin that can be used to include its
density styles. (For example, `@include mat.checkbox-density($theme)`)

All components also support a theme mixin that can be used to include the component's styles for all
theme dimensions at once. (For example, `@include mat.checkbox-theme($theme)`).

If you need to include [multiple themes in a single file](defining-multiple-themes), the recommended
approach to structuring the file is to include the full theme mixin for any components used in your
app at the root, and then have scoped overrides of individual theme dimensions as needed. For
example:

```scss

> @use '@angular/material' as mat;

Author: Should I include this example or just link to the `defining-multiple-themes` section? It feels a bit redundant, but I'm just trying to get the point across that most people shouldn't have a need to call the `base` mixins directly, since they should be calling the `theme` mixins

Reviewer: I'd probably go with just linking
